d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity_senzor_4._2.Resources.resources
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity_senzor_4._2.Resources.tinyresources
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pe
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pe
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pdbx
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pdbx
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.dll
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pdb
D:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity_senzor_4._2.Resources.resources
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity_senzor_4._2.Resources.tinyresources
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.exe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\proximity senzor 4.2.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.Compass.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.Compass.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.Compass.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.Compass.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.Compass.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.dll
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Bluetooth.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DistanceUS3.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Tunes.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.Compass.pdb
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.xml
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\be\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pe
D:\programaci贸n\android\stereomap\proximity senzor 4.2\proximity senzor 4.2\obj\Debug\le\proximity senzor 4.2.pdbx
